And then the club staff decided I'm not
here with a samsung galaxy s 3 thousand what
give a hint is for you there I am
filming here with a taxi player
come on good as you already know here
on this screen
we got that uninstalled this one
people come here on this screen and
another screen here we can install
only the programs have shipped the
programs that have been installed
programs these programs shipped to
People can not move, but there is a
way to disable these programs.
People, for example, will get this game.
Steal the ball, but we'll do it.
staff but very careful because
depending on the option you choose
choose you can say install by
example you will uninstall the
playstation eye there danou if everything ne
so be careful at this time a lot
person's attention setting
application manager
okay the downloaded what are you going to do?
people come here running is not here in
all
We're going to look for the vamp game already.
Did you know that tip? Congratulations.
This is for those who do not know the person.
game hub is what you 're going to do
to force stop not to disable we will
disable deactivating applications
can cause euros in others
applications
It's okay this one to take
be very careful what you are going
disable it but it disappears from here not it
did not disappear
he was here for the final game rambi
disabled
now back in the other
he was here in one corner and not
more is there but how do I do to
back you do the same thing
application settings here all
let's go to the bottom of the list
we will have to file soon active
today he came back there he looks back here
so be careful
depending on what you are going to go through
example, there is written to
uninstall represented this chat on
You can listen to disable you.
Disable but you can because it was vague
play now if you uninstall the
google play, my son, you 'll see
You said you're going to have to go down outside.
if this and if to sin to have to execute
the memory of the other device to
install on your nude euro in your
smartphone on your tablet in any way
so be very careful you can disable
these are these people who until
uninstall but very careful with what
Are you going to make do not mess up?
then personal touch
so this is a hint of how you
you can install the applications
app get shipped on that already comes in your
personal touch device
I did the test with samsung galaxy s
3min I'm linux brs and one more tip
for you it's ok folks if you like
the OSCE jewel of this message ok thanks and
even more personal